---
layout: framework
title: Decatur
root: ../../
mileage: 10
--- 

<notextile>
{% include decatur.html %}
</notextile>

<div id="map">
	<div class="container">

* 
* R 
* E. Trinity <div class="note"> Exit out of Big Peach Running Company </div>

* 0.18
* R 
* Commerce

* 0.32 
* R 
* W Ponce De Leon

* 0.85 
* R 
* Sycamore Place

* 0.92 
* R 
* Sycamore St

* 1.22 
* L 
* Church St

* 1.35
* L 
* E.Trinity Pl <div class="note">  Follow over railroad tracks</div>

* 1.53
* R 
* College Ave

* 1.77
* L 
* S McDonough St <div class="note"> Start looking for next turn now!</div>

* 1.17 
* L 
* Buttrick Dr <div class="note"> (no sign but 1st drive/Follow this path straight thru Agnus Scott Campus. You will see the library on your right 1/2 way thru. Path will dead end at S Candler</div>

* 2.06
* R 
* S Candler St

* 2.5
* R 
* Green St <div class="note"> Turn is easy to miss. Continue thru PATH area and cross S McDonough </div>

* 2.75
* Cross 
* S McDonough St <div class="note"> Cross S McDonough onto Oakview Rd</div>

* 
* Follow 
* Follow Oakview Rd as it goes uphill

(water)* 3.25 
* L 
* E. Lake Dr <div class="note"> Welcome to Oakhurst! H20 on right side before taking left on E Lake Dr</div>

* 
* Cont. 
* E. Lake Drive- you will cross Hosea Williams Dr (3.85 miles)

* 4.16
* L 
* Memorial Drive <div class="note"> next turn almost immediate</div>

* 4.25
* R 
* Green Ave <div class="note">No sign- but first turn. E. Lake Park is on your left</div>

* 4.4 
* R 
* Alston Dr <div class="note"> E. Lake Golf Course is on the left</div>

* 4.78
* R 
* 3rd Ave <div class="note"> Be careful crossing Memorial Dr

* 5
* L 
* Cottage Grove Ave

* 5.15 
* R 
* 1st Ave

* 5.3
* L 
* Hosea Williams Dr 

(water)* 5.41
* L 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note">Stay in right lane. H20 on right side of the road.  of Hosea and Oakview in median</div>

* 6
* R 
* Hosea Williams Dr <div class="note"> No street sign- but the turn is marked by 'Welcome to Kirkwood' sign</div>

* 6.54
* R 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note">Same water stop you JUST hit</div>

(water)* 7.4
* R 
* E. Lake Drive. <div class="note">This was the 1st water stop- hit it again b/4 continuing. You will cross under some bridges before the next turn!</div>

* 8.33
* R
* E Parkwood Rd

* 8.4 
* L
* W Parkwood <div class="note">sign is on the right side of the rd. This turn is immediately after turning onto E Parkwood</div>

(water)* 8.89 
* R 
* W Ponce De Leon <div class="note">W. Ponce De Leon starts as a long hill from here</div>

* 10.1 
* R
* Into Decatur Square <div class="note">This turn is just after the Courthouse building on right- this is also where Clairmont comes into Ponce from the left. Run straight thru keeping stores on left</div>

* 10.2
* L
* E Trinity Pl

* 12 
* L 
* Into Big Peach Parking Lot. <div class="note"> Congrats! You did it!</div>

	</div>
</div>

<div class="clear"></div>
