---
layout: framework
title: Decatur
root: ../../
mileage: 14
--- 

<notextile>
{% include decatur.html %}
</notextile>

<div id="map">
	<div class="container">

* 
* R 
* E. Trinity <div class="note"> Exit out of Big Peach Running Company </div>

* 0.18
* R 
* Commerce

* 0.32
* R 
* W Ponce De Leon

* 0.85 
* R 
* Sycamore Place

* 0.92 
* R 
* Sycamore St

* 1.22 
* R 
* Church St

* 1.35
* L 
* E.Trinity Pl <div class="note"> Follow over railroad tracks</div>

* 1.53
* R 
* College Ave

* 1.77
* L 
* S McDonough St <div class="note"> Start looking for next turn now!</div>

* 1.85
* L 
* Buttrick Dr <div class="note"> No sign but 1st drive. Follow this path straight thru Agnus Scott Campus. You will see the library on your right 1/2 way thru. Path will dead end at S Candler</div>

* 2.06
* R 
* S Candler St

* 2.5
* R 
* Green St <div class="note"> Turn is easy to miss. Continue thru PATH area and cross S McDonough </div>

* 2.75
* Cross 
* S McDonough St <div class="note"> Cross S McDonough onto Oakview Rd</div>

* 
* Cont. 
* Follow Oakview Rd as it goes uphill

(water)* 3.25
* L 
* E. Lake Dr <div class="note"> Welcome to Oakhurst! H20 on right before taking left on E Lake Dr</div>

* 
* Cont. 
* E. Lake Drive- cross Hosea Williams Dr (3.85 miles)

* 4.16
* L 
* Memorial Drive <div class="note"> Next turn almost immediate</div>

* 4.25
* R 
* Green Ave <div class="note">No sign- but first turn. E. Lake Park is on your left</div>

* 4.4
* R 
* Alston Dr <div class="note"> E. Lake Golf Course is on the left</div>

* 4.78
* R 
* 3rd Ave <div class="note"> Be careful crossing Memorial Dr

* 5 
* L 
* Cottage Grove Ave

* 5.15 
* R 
* 1st Ave

* 5.3
* L 
* Hosea Williams Dr

(water)* 5.41
* L 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note">Stay in right lane. H20 on right side of intersection of Hosea and Oakview in median</div>

* 6
* L
* Hosea Williams Dr <div class="note"> No street sign. Turn is marked by "Welcome to Kirkwood" sign</div>

* 6.34 
* R 
* Warren St 

* 6.56 
* R 
* Trotti St

* 6.7 
* L 
* Howard St

* 6.75 
* R 
* Warlick Pl

* 6.82 
* R 
* Kirkwood

* 7.2 
* L 
* Hosea Williams Dr

(water)* 7.7
* L 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note"> Same water stop you JUST hit.</div>

(water)* 8.55
* L 
* E. Lake Dr <div class="note"> This was the 1st water stop- hit it again b/4 continuing. You will cross under some bridges before the next turn!</div>

* 9.75
* L 
* Ridgecrest Rd

* 9.89
* R 
* McLendon Ave <div class="note"> While on McLendon, you will go thru a round-a-bout</div>

(water)* 10.4
* R 
* Lakeshore Dr <div class="note"> Lakeshore Dr will dead-end into Ponce De Leon</div>

* 10.9
* Cross
* N Ponce De Leon <div class="note">N Ponce is slightly off set to the left when you are at the light looking across Ponce</div>

* 11.5
* L 
* Ponce De Leon

* 11.6 
* L 
* Atwood Rd

* 11.8 
* R 
* Heaton Park Dr

* 12 
* R 
* Dyson Dr

* 12.2 
* R 
* Coventry <div class="note">Look for next turn. It is immediately after crossing RR tracks</div>

* 12.3 
* R 
* N Parkwood Rd <div class="note">Sign is on left hand side of road</div>

(water)* 12.7 
* Cross 
* Scott Blvd <div class="note">Veer L on W Ponce De Leon (long uphill initially) H20 is at Corner of Ponce D Leon and W Parkwood</div>

* 13.8 
* R 
* Decatur Square <div class="note">this turn is just after the Courthouse building on right- this is also where Trinity Clairmont Pl comes into Ponce from the left. Run straight thru keeping stores on left</div>

* 14
* L
* Into Big Peach parking lot

	</div>
</div>

<div class="clear"></div>
