---
layout: framework
title: Decatur
root: ../../
mileage: 8
--- 

<notextile>
{% include decatur.html %}
</notextile>

<div id="map">
	<div class="container">

* 
* R 
* E. Trinity <div class="note"> Exit out of Big Peach Running Company </div>

* 0.18
* R 
* Commerce

* 0.32
* R 
* W Ponce De Leon

* 0.85 
* R 
* Sycamore Place

* 0.92 
* R 
* Sycamore St

* 1.22 
* L 
* Church St

* 1.35 
* L 
* E.Trinity Pl <div class="note"> Follow E. Trinity Pl over railroad tracks </div>

* 1.53 
* R 
* College Ave

* 1.77 
* L 
* S <div class="note">McDonough St start looking for next turn now!</div>

* 1.85
* L 
* Buttrick Dr <div class="note"> No sign, but 1st drive/entryway you come to. Follow this path straight thru Agnus Scott Campus. You will see the library on your right 1/2 way thru. Path will dead end at S Candler</div>

* 2.06
* R 
* S Candler St

* 2.5 
* R 
* Green St <div class="note"> Turn is easy to miss. Once on Green St, continue onto PATH and run straight thru! </div>

* 2.75 
* Cross 
* S McDonough St <div class="note"> Cross S McDonough onto Oakview Rd</div>

* 
* Cont. 
* Follow Oakview Rd as it goes uphill

(water)* 3.25
* L 
* E. Lake Dr <div class="note"> Welcome to Oakhurst! H20 on right side before taking left on E Lake Dr</div>

* 
* Cont. 
* E. Lake Drive <div class="note"> You will cross Hosea Williams Dr (3.85 miles) and then Memorial Dr (4.16 miles)</div>

* 4.31
* R 
* Alston Dr <div class="note"> E. Lake Golf Course is on the left</div>

* 4.64
* R 
* 3rd Ave <div class="note"> Be careful crossing Memorial Dr

* 4.84 
* L 
* Cottage Grove Ave

* 5 
* R 
* 1st Ave

* 5.16
* L 
* Hosea Williams Dr

(water)* 5.27
* L 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note">Stay in right lane. H20 on right side of intersection of Hosea and Oakview in median</div>

* 5.87
* R
* Hosea Williams Dr <div class="note"> No street sign- but the turn is marked by 'Welcome to Kirkwood' sign</div>

(water)* 6.4
* L 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note"> Same water stop you JUST hit.</div>

*  
* Cont. 
* Oakview Rd <div class="note"> Crossing over E. Lake Dr at 7.25 miles!</div>

* 7.4
* L
* Ansley St

(water)* 8
* L
* S. McDonough St

* 8.4
* R 
* E Trinity Pl

* 8.45
* L 
* Into Big Peach Parking Lot. <div class="note"> Congrats! You did it!</div>

	</div>
</div>

<div class="clear"></div>
